docs: New documentation (#858)
dbbs-lab/bsb-core: docs/getting-started/getting-started.rst

    :lines: 19-24

> The :doc:`placement </placement/intro>` blocks is charge to place cells in the partitions using the cell type indications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :doc:`placement </placement/intro>` blocks is in charge of placing cells in the partitions using the cell type indications.
```
